-Friends.
-Hello? We are
back. Back. I am
-Rigo.
-Rigo Rosas.
-Rigoberto Rosas.
-And I am your dear friend Rento.
Rento Nogart.
We are here to make a very special announcement.
Well, soon, very soon. My life began to transform long before I got
here. I lived in an apartment in Narvarte with Sonia. After years of
arguments, of attempts, I understood that it was not a place to stay. Not just the
physical place, but the place in my life. The walls did not give us peace. That's when I
realized that houses sometimes get destroyed as much as oneself.
The routine as an engineer was dragging me down, until one day in Parque México I saw
my father
marching, lost amidst the chaos of the city, searching for food in a garbage dump,
as if he had always been a part of it. I invited him to my house, he rejected me.
I gave him money to eat something. It was a strange encounter, but also a
reunion with something I never understood.
Hello, friends! My name is Tom Melón.
You might remember me
because I used to advertise Juanita Bananas, years ago. But now I've been
fired and I have a cooking show. Alright, friends.
Things with Sonia didn't work out. The city, the routine, the job, overwhelmed
me. That's when art and noise saved me. I formed Lechones Sangrientos (Bloody Piglets) with Rolando
and later Conjunto Aleluya
(Hallelujah Ensemble) with Javier. Alcohol, music, and poetry were my refuge and form
of resistance. But something deeper was still missing.
Hehe, buddies, how are you? I'm your friend Tom Melón
and today
I have traveled a few miles away from home
to show you
how to make some dishes
that are a bit
doughy, a bit greasy, and with lots of salt. We are in the beautiful city of Paris.
You can see it.
-Look at the tower, look at the sun.
-With my savings I traveled to Europe to play
noise, seeking answers with my screams. In Lyon, I met my cousin Viviane.
I understood how far I was from what I really wanted. I returned with a new
perspective. I quit my engineering job and art became my
life. I started recording music, creating chaos and sound, seeking solace in the noise,
something that never came. Then I dedicated myself to film. One day, like a mystery
movie, after years, I ran into my father again. We saw each other more
often and one day I asked him if he could ever have a house. He looked at me and said
no. That answer shook me, but it gave me clarity about what I never understood about
him. The city, meanwhile, continued erecting buildings, but my walls were
crumbling.